# Minutes of meetings
In this repository we store the minutes of meetings between members of the NL DDoS Clearing House working group.

## List of meetings

### Date: 14/03/2019 (Host: KPN)
**Attendants:**
- Benno Overeinder(NCSC/NLnetLabs) 
- Jaya Baloo (KPN)
- Ewoud Smit (KPN)
- Gerald Schaapman (NBIP)
- Jair Santanna (UTwente)
- Janpaul (NL-IX)
- Thymen Wabeke (SIDN)
- Marco Davids (SIDN)
- Rien Jansen (THTC)

**Agenda, Take-away, and Action Points:**
- Software architect and developer, status and plans (Q&A)[NCSC and SIDN]
<@Benno TODO>

- High-level roadmap [NCSC, SIDN and Utwente]
<@Jair TODO>

- ddosdb.nl status [SIDN]
<@Benno TODO>

- Legal issues and proposed way forward  [SIDN]
<@Benno TODO>

- Minutes of the meeting incorporated into a Tech report [UTwente & SIDN]
<@Benno TODO>

- Discussion on SW rights & roles – Users, uploaders, maintainers etc. [Utwente & SIDN]
<@Benno TODO>

- KPN – Requirements, use cases, & wish list for roadmap [KPN]
<@Benno TODO>

- Progress No more DDOS [NHTCU]
<@Benno TODO>

- NLIX -PPT- Target Server at Exchange & Route info enrichment [NLIX]
<@Benno TODO>

- Work of UTwente researchers at NBIP (Q&A) [NBIP]
<@Benno TODO>










